[DOCS-4308] Add private logs integration guidelines doc (#15882)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/faq/partner_log_integration.md

---
title: Log Integration Guidelines for Datadog Partners
kind: faq
private: true
---

## Overview

This guide walks Datadog Partners through the following steps on how to create a partner log integration.

1. [Send logs to Datadog](#send-logs-to-datadog)
2. [Set up the log integration assets in your Datadog partner account](#set-up-the-log-integration-assets-in-your-datadog-partner-account)

> 3. [Review and deploy the integration](#review-and-deploy-integration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Review and deploy the integration](#review-and-deploy-the-integration)
```

3. The integration must support all Datadog sites.

    The user must be able to choose between the different Datadog sites whenever applicable. See [Getting Started with Datadog Sites][2] for more information about site differences. The endpoints for each site are as follows:
    | Site    | HTTP Endpoint                           |
    | ------- | --------------------------------------- |
    | US1     | http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com          |
    | US3     | http-intake.logs.us3.datadoghq.com      |
    | US5     | http-intake.logs.us5.datadoghq.com      |
    | US1-FED | http-intake.logs.ddog-gov.datadoghq.com |
    | EU1     | http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu           |

4. Allow the user to attach custom tags while setting up the integration.

    Datadog recommends that manual user tags be sent as key-value attributes in the JSON body. If it's not possible to add manual tags to the logs, you can send the tags using the `ddtags=<TAGS>` query parameter. See the [Send Logs API documentation][1] for examples.

5. Send data without arrays in the JSON body whenever possible. 

>     While it's possible to send some data as tags, Datadog recommends that data be sent in the JSON body and avoid using arrays. This gives users greater flexibility with the operations they can carry out on the data in the Datadog log platform. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    While it's possible to send some data as tags, Datadog recommends that data be sent in the JSON body and that arrays are avoided. This gives users greater flexibility with the operations they can carry out on the data in the Datadog log platform. 
```
